DOCS-3559: Add generic gateway to Prestashop 1.6 (#2428)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/prestashop-1-6.md

This is no longer supported from version 3.2.0. If you want to skip the extra confirmation page, you can [download version 3.1.7](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/docs/raw/master/static/plugin-downloads/prestashop-1-6/Plugin_PrestaShop1.6_3.7.1.zip). New features might be lost when downgrading.

## Generic gateways

The plugin supports generic gateways, which let you add payment methods manually. This is particularly useful for integrating gift cards specific to your business. 

Supported since release: 3.8.0, Jul 13, 2022

<details id="how-to-configure-generic-gateways">
<summary>How to configure generic gateways</summary>
<br>

1. Sign in to your PrestaShop 1.6 <<glossary:backend>>.
2. Go to **Modules and services**.
3. Search for "generic gateway", select gateway 1, 2, or 3, and then click **Install**.
4. In the **Gateway title** field, enter the name of the payment method. 
5. In the **Gateway ID** field, enter the [gateway ID](/reference/gateway-ids).
6. Optionally:
    - Upload the [payment method logo](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/MultiSafepay-icons).

>     - Enter minimum and maximum order amounts, if relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Enter minimum and maximum order amounts.
```
As we already say this is optional, do we need to say "if relevant" as well?

7. Click **Save**. 

> ✅ &nbsp; Success! The Generic Gateway is now active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✅ &nbsp; Success! The payment method is now active.
```
